PhishLabsIOC - Added reliability (#11850)
demisto/content: Packs/PhishLabs/Integrations/PhishLabsIOC/README.md

<strong>Name</strong>: a textual name for the integration instance.</li>
<li><strong>Server URL (e.g.,<span> </span>https://ioc.phishlabs.com)</strong></li>
<li><strong>Credentials</strong></li>

> <li><strong>Source Reliability.</strong> Reliability of the source providing the intelligence data. (The default value is: C - Fairly reliable)</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Source Reliability.</strong> Reliability of the source providing the intelligence data. (The default value is: B - Usually reliable)</li>
```
